two Wands max 3 if u on good behavior I will be carrying all cash andcards for both ... Lol	2 wands, maximum of 3 if your behavior is good. I will be carrying all the cash and cards for both of us... haha
I never wanna go back out there to many fake tough niggas I fuck around n try to rob everybody lmao.I be outta town die	I never want to go back out there. Too many dishonest people I mess around with and try to rob everybody. That's hilarious.I'm out of town
U ask 4 my number..I tell u I have a bf..Ur response "SO, I like competition.".niggasain't got no respect lol	You ask for my number. I tell you, \"I have a boyfriend.\" Your response, \"So, I like competition.\" N-wordsdon't have any respect. That's funny
ray is one of the greatest players, defenders ever! Even today, he can still play with the best ofthem if he wanted to.	Ray is of the greatest players, one of the best defenders of all time! Even today, he is able to play with the best ofthe other players if so wished to do so
Every time I think about him I think about all thebs & be like nevermind	Evert time I think about him, I think about all thebullshit and then think, never mind
Don't get it twisted I really don't give a shit its friday and people can royallyget the fuck over themselves	Don't get it twisted. I really don't give a shit. It's Friday, and people can royallyget the fuck over themselves
I'm Single And Ready To Mingle But At The Same TimeI'm Ready To Settle Down	I am single and ready to mingle, but at the same time I am also ready to settle down
Music stimulates your brain's frontal lobe, increasing your attention span & ability toprocess explains alot about peers	Music stimulates your brain's frontal lobe, increasing your attention span & ability toprocess. Explains a lot about peers
ok I get off at 230 so ima come wash ifyou don't have any plans	ok I get off at 2:30 so I can come wash ifyou don't have any plan
These bitches get around. Even the ones you swore didn't, they do too."Can'tput sht past these hoes	These bitches get around. Even the ones you swore didn't, they do too.\" I can'tput shit past these hoes
