I aint gone lie,sumtimes im scard of being myself bt wanna kill those who make me feel dat way though its my fault btcant help who I am	I'm not the type to pursue a woman too much, but it's like you're an itch and I can't reach it, but I have to reach you
This Lady McDonald's bag ripped ad fell onto the sidewalk&all she can do was look puzzled and try to clean itup.while birds flooded to it	The woman was calling those guys \"brothers\" and \"cousins\" after they gave her a date rape drug!I'm shaking my head in amazement.  Women say some crazy things.  I'm laughing so hard
It's the first of the month, rent is due. If you don't have nothin on the table. You ain't gotta worrybout being a dog catcher..	It's actually a knock on those who do it while knowing they aren't.But yes, I'm happy now
People only look at the bad things but they don't recognize allthe good u have done	\"Do I get a drink with my meal?\" That's funny, this can't be herfirst time in Subway..
The only logical reason to watch basketball is Kardashian-related men. is that likepretending to like Downton Abbey?	The Lord is good, a refuge in times of trouble. He cares for those who trustin him - Nahum 1:
"As a father, you are not first a disciplinarian. You are a discipler. Mom, your main role is not to makemeals, but to make disciples."	That’s just my due date. Only 4% of women have their babies on the actual due date. I’m just readyfor him to be out.
she then promptly got broken up with by her lame boyfriend she thoughtshe could pressure into marriage	I need to get my ends clipped but no bitch is going toclip all of my hair off.
nigga was overrated at QB. And the other niggas out shinned him in scrimmage. He played in hstho. He should be good	Hey? Why do these guys act like they are too good to be promoters? I have never understoodthat... They make a lot of money.
you know what... I'm being nice today soo instead of insulting you ima justgone say "Good Day Sir"	Wait, wait, did I just see someone Tweet and say J. Cole's albumis better than The Yeezy
Package Bossman...I think dat was the 90s he was in the Louand estl skating rinks lol	I am sending you a package in the mail. It will be same-day delivery, so the contentswill not die. I hope you enjoy
